Focus Avo functions 101 docs on the destination interface (#278)
avohq/docs: pages/implementation/avo-functions-overview.mdx

## <a name="avo-generated-file"></a> Avo generated file containing Avo Functions

The Avo generated code is the representation of the tracking plan you define in Avo for a given source. You can think of a source as a platform that sends events. 
For example if you set up an iOS/Swift source the generated code will be in a `.swift` file. 
Since the tracking plans are different for each customer the content of this file is also different. 

> We generate the files and you can download them either with <Link passHref href="/implementation/cli"><a>the Avo CLI</a></Link> or in the Avo web interface in <Link passHref href="/workspace/implement"><a>the Implement tab</a></Link>.

Reviewer: Any change here other than the line breaks? 👀  Don't we want to keep this in a single paragraph?

Author: Yes, that's only for readability in the editor. Single line break does not change the output, to get a new paragraph we need a double line break

#### What's happening inside the Avo Functions

Avo makes sure that the event names and provided properties are correct according to the tracking plan with compile time and runtime validations, development invocations are reported to Avo servers so you can check the invocation status on the Avo website.

> The last step is actually sending the provided data to all the configured tracking destinations. There are different classes of events that can be tracked: identify, log event, update user properties, unidentify, log revenue, log page view, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last step sends the provided data to all the configured tracking destinations. There are different classes of <Link passHref href="/workspace/tracking-plan/events#a-nameactionsa-actions"><a>actions</a></Link> that can be tracked: identify, log event, update user properties, unidentify, log revenue, log page view, 
```

but everything is handled inside the Avo file and delivered in a correct form to your destinations. The data will be provided to the Destination Interface methods you've defined during initialization.

> Tracking code would look similar to this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Avo generated tracking code will look similar to this:
```
